modular-tiles/README.adoc, before:

= Modular Tiles

A sample modular JavaFX application configured with link:https://github.com/moditect/layrry/[Layrry].

image::javafx-layrry.gif[Modular JavaFX tiles based on Layrry]

== Build

.Prerequisites

- JDK 11
- Maven 3.6.3 or Gradle 6+ (project includes wrappers for each)
- Layrry 1.0-SNAPSHOT
- link:https://github.com/jbangdev/jbang[jbang] (optional)

**NOTE**: Layrry has yet to be published to Maven Central. You have to build your own snapshot for the time being.
JDK 11 is needed to build Layrry.

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/moditect/layrry.git
$ cd layrry
$ mvn install
```

Once Layrry is installed, change back to where you cloned this repository.

.Maven

```sh
$ ./mvnw install
```

.Gradle

```sh
$ ./gradlew assemble publishToMavenLocal
```

Plugins will be placed under `staging/plugins-prepared` at the root.

== Run

Run it directly from the layrry-launcher JAR (assuming Layrry repo was cloned adjacent to this repo)

```sh
$ java -jar ../../layrry/layrry-launcher/target/layrry-launcher-1.0-SNAPSHOT-all.jar --layers-config staging/layers.toml --properties staging/versions.properties
```

.jbang

```sh
$ jbang layrry@moditect --layers-config staging/layers.toml --properties staging/versions.properties
```

The `plugins` directory is located at `staging`. Copy plugins from `staging/plugins-prepared`.

```sh
$ cp -r staging/plugins-prepared/tile-* staging/plugins
```

Remove and add plugins from `staging/plugins` at any time to see dynamic behavior.

Commit message:

Update compile/running instructions for Layrry 1.0.0.Alpha1

modular-tiles/README.adoc, after:

= Modular Tiles
:layrry-version: 1.0.0.Alpha1

A sample modular JavaFX application configured with link:https://github.com/moditect/layrry/[Layrry].

image::javafx-layrry.gif[Modular JavaFX tiles based on Layrry]

== Build

.Prerequisites

- JDK 11
- Maven 3.6.3 or Gradle 6+ (project includes wrappers for each)
- Layrry {layrry-version}
- link:https://github.com/jbangdev/jbang[jbang] (optional)

Download Layrry from link:https://github.com/moditect/layrry/releases/tag/{layrry-version}[], or install it via
link:https://sdkmain.io[SDKMAN!], or build it from source.
JDK 11 is needed to build Layrry.

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/moditect/layrry.git
$ cd layrry
$ mvn install
```

Once Layrry is installed, change back to where you cloned this repository.

.Maven

```sh
$ ./mvnw install
```

.Gradle

```sh
$ ./gradlew assemble publishToMavenLocal
```

Plugins will be placed under `staging/plugins-prepared` at the root.

== Run

Run it directly from the layrry-launcher JAR (assuming Layrry repo was cloned adjacent to this repo)

[source]
[subs="attributes"]
----
$ java -jar ../../layrry/layrry-launcher/target/layrry-launcher-{layrry-version}-all.jar --layers-config staging/layers.toml --properties staging/versions.properties
----

.Binary
If you installed the binary distribution from the release page or from SDKMAN!

[source]
[subs="attributes"]
----
$ layrry --layers-config staging/layers.toml --properties staging/versions.properties
----

.JBang

```sh
$ jbang layrry@moditect --layers-config staging/layers.toml --properties staging/versions.properties
```

The `plugins` directory is located at `staging`. Copy plugins from `staging/plugins-prepared`.

```sh
$ cp -r staging/plugins-prepared/tile-* staging/plugins
```

Remove and add plugins from `staging/plugins` at any time to see dynamic behavior.
